Canny Actions Destination (#4965)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/canny-functions/index.md

Canny maintains this destination. For any issues with the destination, [contact the Canny Support team](mailto:segment-help@canny.io).

> success ""
> **Good to know**: This page is about the [Actions-framework](/docs/connections/destinations/actions/) Canny Segment destination. There's also a page about the [non-Actions Canny destination](/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/canny/). Both of these destinations receive data from Segment.

{% include content/ajs-upgrade.md %}

## Benefits of Canny (Actions) vs Canny Classic

Canny (Actions) provides the following benefit over the classic Canny destination:
- **Group Events**. Canny (Actions) supports group events and updates or adds properties to companies.

## Getting started

1. Go to your [Canny Admin Segment Settings](https://canny.io/redirect?to=%2Fadmin%2Fsettings%2Fsegment){:target="\_blank"}.

> 2. Obtain your API key by installing the integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Install the integration to get your API key.
```

3. From the Segment web app, navigate to **Connections > Catalog**, then select the **Destinations** tab in the catalog.

> 4. Search fpr _Canny (Actions)_ and select it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Search for **Canny (Actions)** and select it.
```

5. Click **Configure Canny (Actions)**.
6. Select an existing Source to connect to Canny (Actions).
7. Enter your configuration settings.

> 8. Update the API key in the Canny (Actions) destination settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Enter the Canny API key in the Canny (Actions) destination settings.
```

9. Enable the destination and save changes.

{% include components/actions-fields.html %}

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
